Document the load balancer feature (#544)
submariner-io/submariner-website: src/content/getting-started/quickstart/openshift/aws-lb/_index.md

---
date: 2020-02-21T13:36:18+01:00
title: "On AWS (LoadBalancer mode)"
weight: 20
---

> This quickstart guide covers the necessary steps to deploy two OpenShift Container Platform (OCP) clusters on AWS with
> a cloud network load balancer service in front of the gateways and without dedicated gateways.
> 
> In this mode no dedicated gateways are necessary. The administrator will need to manually label some
> nodes as Submariner gateways, and the submariner-operator will take care of creating a LoadBalancer
> type of Service pointing to the active submariner-gateways.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This quickstart guide covers the necessary steps to deploy two OpenShift Container Platform (OCP) clusters on AWS leveraging
a cloud network load balancer service in front of the Submariner gateways.

The main benefit of this mode is that there is no need to dedicate specialized nodes with a public IP address to act as gateways. The administrator only needs to manually label any existing
node or nodes in each cluster as Submariner gateways, and the submariner-operator will take care of creating a LoadBalancer
type Service pointing to the active Submariner gateway.
```

Author: Done :)
